what is going on lads and welcome to a
brand new series on my channel and this
is going to be with a fellow youtubers
while he's gonna be a Nissan Cube if
you're not aware who he's a link to his
channel it's gonna be in the description
below who'll be doing a variation of
this video and yeah go check it out guys
go sub to him go and show them some love
as you can tell from the top this is
going to be called wacky way jus so
basically it's a bit of a fun series but
it has got a serious aspect as well
because there is coins involved and
we're gonna have stipulated squads we're
gonna play it to a man and as you see
from the squad on the screen now we have
actually got Aaron Lennon in goal that
it's gonna be the stipulation this week
I relented in goal he's going to be the
goalkeeper and sheets goals are gonna be
flying in from everywhere so this is
gonna be a big game and this hope is
gonna work however many goals the person
wins by they owe 200k so if I beat Ally
to nil he owes me two and okay for
beating to one he only owes me a hundred
K Bobby in three nil
300k he can only get where I'm going
with this you guys get an opportunity to
get involved this one if you want to
leave you stipulation ideas down in the
comment section below that'll be amazing
I'll have a read for him I'll discuss it
with Ali and we'll end up picking one of
your guys's
stipulation that'll be that'll be great
guys before we enter today's game if you
are looking to boil some A Team Coins we
saw checkout boy chief cornstalk on
their link is gonna be in the
description below they're still on that
Christmas sale fucking festive hype it's
seven pound per 100 pound all the
consoles Xbox one Xbox 360 ps3 ps4 go
and get your coins guys from a safe and
reliable place and the invites and let's
go and except let's have a look at the
team it's gonna be using I'm not even
aware oh my fucking god
Jesus Christ Wow an in-form BPL squad
but he's got chem links to Lenin that's
gonna give him some chemistry at least
whereas mine is on 0s we got an early
corner boys early core life everyone
heads east towards a goal it's in the
net our go Balotelli quick a crossing
just winning it out oh come on oh shit
oh my god he seen no come on I'll watch
the same thing what to save come on
fucking shit you find they like the way
can you at a point
come on rather tell you in come on come
on come on Paulo just shows it stars
why's that is one-nil balotelli rebus
trademark celebration as well we get a
bit of jam we get through on goal we
take the opportunity to one know we're
cruising boys got mine
that's lovely come on in below can i
already crushing that with it you're
really I know you're real with the head
out brilliant went out brilliant head on
Leno you got no chance that no no no
shots from kickoff fucking out Jesus
Christ man that's a great ball come on
Muriel chip oh my god how high was that
what the fuck was you aiming for come on
Bella yes he's outside he took my ball
fuck off Lennon no no he can't be on
site he can't be on site
no why man how can you just do that
that's fucking alien alleys that's
fucking dumb fuck off come on oh my god
get over the ball and he's gonna keep in
know why oh my god waist is 45th minute
Jam no know what to save Leonard
what a fucking save our own what a ball
come on Hampshire just get the shot off
please oh my god any side of the key
predicts in the fucking Nets yes come on
you're away lad you're away just shoot
on target yeah that's it right there
that's the one below just hit the ball
on target across the key base never safe
in it he's free fuck for that's gotta be
the fucking winner right there
oh no it's going for the ksi let's go
for the cat no mates no ksi yeah there
we go constant played up all in that
come on butter today oh my gosh you're
going for fucking soirees 50-yard editor
there fucking bring it down or just do a
superkick volley just threw a superkick
volley
yes Muriel what a time what's a term
Muriel we're in just go again
well yeah L'Oreal puts the guy beyond
any doubt no with that three gold
cushion oh that's a three on two K
coming to the club so far yes there we
go that's that is the win in the bag for
one three goal difference that means we
are receiving 300k I'm gonna quickly go
and listen to play and we are gonna get
our coins boys come on
I gather to the play where I can at
least he's going to be our mont-royal
rate of QPR up for three and two K that
is how much aleosis
let's list them up and I'll see you in a
second when the card has been purchased
so be going lads there is confirmation
that traoré has now been bought from Ali
and he's 300 K in the bag we argument
press y and remove him from the transfer
market we're going to see the coins go
up again so that's real now coming to us
end of this episode if you enjoyed it be
sure to hit the like button if you smash
over a thousand likes on this first
episode of wacky wages that will be
absolutely amazing
so check out andis channel is gonna be
in the description blows gonna have a
variation to this video as well on these
channels to go check that out also leave
your comments what you want to see maybe
you've got a stipulation of your own you
might want to see myself and Ally
include be sure to leave that in the
comment section below on this video and
even on Ally's video as well let us both
see if you are looking for going to
check out by a few coins knock on their
link to still in description but until
next time guys I'll see you then peace
oh my god every time it's just silly
his lemon is own steroid and mine just
got nothing